{"en":"There was a time when the owners of shops and businesses in Chicago had to pay large sums of money to gangsters in return for 'protection'. ^ ","ch":"曾经有一个时期, 芝加哥的店主和商行的老板们不得不拿出大笔的钱给歹徒以换取'保护'。  "}
{"en":"If the money was not paid promptly,  the gangsters would quickly put a man out of business by destroying his shop. ^ ","ch":"如果交款不及时, 歹徒们就会很快捣毁他的商店, 让他破产。  "}
{"en":"Obtaining 'protection money' is not a modern crime. ^ ","ch":"榨取'保护金'并不是一种现代的罪恶行径。  "}
{"en":"As long ago as the fourteenth century,  an Englishman,  Sir John Hawkwood,  made the remarkable discovery^ ","ch":"早在14世纪, 英国人约翰. 霍克伍德就有过非凡的发现:  "}
{"en":"that people would rather pay large sums of money than have their life work destroyed by gangsters. ^ '","ch":"人们情愿拿出大笔的钱, 也不愿毕生的心血毁于歹徒之手。  "}
{"en":"Six hundred years ago,  Sir John Hawkwood arrived in Italy with a band of soldiers and settled near Florence. ^ 600","ch":"年前, 约翰. 霍克伍德爵士带着一队士兵来到意大利, 在佛罗伦萨附近驻扎下来,  "}
{"en":"He soon made a name for himself and came to be known to the Italians as Giovanni Acuto. ^ ","ch":"很快就出了名。 意大利人叫他乔凡尼. 阿库托。  "}
{"en":"Whenever the Italian city-states were at war with each other, ^ ","ch":"每次意大利各城邦之间打伏,  "}
{"en":"Hawkwood used to hire his soldiers to princes who were willing to pay the high price he demanded. ^ ","ch":"霍克伍德便把他的士兵雇佣给愿给他出高价的君主。  "}
{"en":"In times of peace,  when business was bad,  Hawkwood and his men would march into a city-state and, ^ ","ch":"和平时期, 当生意萧条时, 霍克伍德便带领士兵进入某个城邦,  "}
{"en":"after burning down a few farms,  would offer to go away if protection money was paid to them. ^ ","ch":"纵火烧毁一两个农场, 然后提出, 如向他们缴纳保护金, 他们便主动撤离。  "}
{"en":"Hawkwood made large sums of money in this way. ^ ","ch":"霍克伍德用这种方法挣了大笔钱。  "}
{"en":"In spite of this,  the Italians regarded him as a sort of hero. ^ ","ch":"尽管如此, 意大利人还是把他视作某种英雄。  "}
{"en":"When he died at the age of eighty,  the Florentines gave him a state funeral^ ","ch":"他80岁那年死去时, 佛罗伦萨人为他举行了国葬,  "}
{"en":"and had a picture painted which was dedicated to the memory of 'the most valiant soldier and most notable leader,  Signor Giovanni Haukodue'. ^ ","ch":"并为他画像以纪念这位“骁勇无比的战士、杰出的领袖乔凡尼. 阿库托先生”。  "}